Dropbox Terms of Service

These Terms of Service govern your access to and use of Dropbox's website (the “Site”), any information, text, graphics, or other materials created and/or provided by Dropbox and appearing on the Site (the “Content”), Files (as defined below) and any services and/or software provided through the Site or by Dropbox (the “Services”). These Terms of Service limit Dropbox's liability and obligations to you, grant Dropbox certain rights and allow Dropbox to change, suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Site, Content, Files and Services. Your access to and use of the Site, Content, Files and/or Services are expressly conditioned on your compliance with these Terms of Service. By accessing or using the Site, Content, Files and/or Services you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.

YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY CLICKING THE “I AGREE” BUTTON, BY USING THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES AND/OR SERVICES OR YOUR ACCOUNT YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THEIR ENTIRETY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES OR SERVICES. If you agree to these Terms of Service on behalf of a business, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that business to these Terms of Service and your agreement to these terms will be treated as the agreement of the business. In that event, “you ” and “your” will refer and apply to that business.
Types of Accounts

Currently, Dropbox offers both a restricted free account (“Free Account”) with a limited amount of storage and a paid premium account (“Premium Account”). More information on the types of accounts that Dropbox offers and the costs involved can be found here. Please read this document in its entirety regarding account restrictions. Dropbox reserves the right, at any time, to change or impose fees for access to and use of the Site, Content, Files and/or Services.
Consent to Access Your Files

BY UTILIZING THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES AND/OR SERVICES, YOU CONSENT TO ALLOW DROPBOX TO ACCESS YOUR COMPUTER TO ACCESS ANY FILES THAT ARE PLACED IN THE 'MY DROPBOX,' 'DROPBOX' FOLDERS, AND/OR ANY OTHER FOLDER WHICH YOU CHOOSE TO LINK TO DROPBOX. BY PLACING FILES IN YOUR SHARED FOLDER, YOU CONSENT TO SHARE ACCESS TO THE CONTENT OF THOSE FOLDERS WITH THOSE OTHER DROPBOX USERS THAT HAVE BEEN AUTHORIZED TO UTILIZE THOSE FOLDERS. BY PLACING FILES IN YOUR PUBLIC FOLDERS, YOU CONSENT TO SHARE ACCESS TO THE CONTENT OF THOSE FOLDERS WITH OTHER DROPBOX USERS AND/OR THE PUBLIC.
Files and Folders

“Your Files” or “User Files” (collectively, the “Files”) as used in this Agreement means the information contained in the files that you or other users upload, download and access through the Site and Services. You are the owner of Your Files and are solely responsible for your conduct and the content of Your Files, as well as any of the content contained in your communications with other Dropbox users, including but not limited to User Posts (as defined below).

Dropbox allows you to share some or all of Your Files. If you choose to, you can share all or some of Your Files with the general public, or with specific individuals you select. If you decide to share Your Files, you are giving certain legal rights, as explained below, to those individuals who you have given access to your folders.

Dropbox does not claim any ownership rights in Your Files. You acknowledge that Dropbox does not have any obligation to monitor the Files or User Posts that are uploaded, posted, submitted, linked to or otherwise transmitted using the Site or Services, for any purpose and, as a result, is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness, legality or applicability of the Files or anything said, depicted or written by users in their User Posts, including without limitation, any information obtained by using the Site or Services. Dropbox does not endorse anything contained in the Files or User Posts or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Dropbox with respect thereto.
Your Public Folder

While you own the content contained in Your Files, files placed in your public folders are automatically available to other Dropbox users and to the general public. By placing Your Files in your public folder, you hereby grant all other Dropbox users and the public a non-exclusive, non-commercial, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, perpetual and irrevocable right and license to use and exploit Your Files in your public folder. In other words, a file in your public folder can be used by anyone, for any purpose except commercial use. If you do not want other people to be able to use Your Files in this manner, then simply do not place Your Files in your public folder. By placing Your Files in your public folder, you agree and acknowledge that Dropbox has no responsibility or obligation to monitor or notify of you of any non-compliance related to the license you have granted and that Dropbox has no responsibility to enforce or police, or aid you in enforcing or policing, the terms of that license.
Your Shared Folder

While you own the content contained in Your Files, files placed in your shared folders are available to those users to whom you grant access. By placing Your Files in your shared folder, you agree and acknowledge that Dropbox has no responsibility or obligation to monitor or notify of you of any non-compliance related to the rights or license you may choose to grant to other users who have access to your shared folders, if any, and that Dropbox has no responsibility to enforce or police, or aid you in enforcing or policing, the terms of the license(s) or permission(s) you have chosen to offer.
Your Responsibilities

You represent and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to grant the licenses that both your public and shared folders require, as described above. Please note that moving all or portions of Your Files from your public folders does not revoke the license granted to those individuals who previously accessed those files.

You should be aware that Files may be protected by intellectual property rights which are owned by the Dropbox user whose folder (public or shared) that File resides in. You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the content(s) (either in whole or in part) of another user's shared folder unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by the rightful owner of that File, in a separate agreement.

You acknowledge and agree that you should not rely on the Site, Content, Files and Services for any reason. You further acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for maintaining and protecting all data and information that is stored, retrieved or otherwise processed by the Site, Content, Files or Services. Without limiting the foregoing, you will be responsible for all costs and expenses that you or others may incur with respect to backing up, and restoring and/or recreating any data and information that is lost or corrupted as a result of your use of the Site, Content, Files and/or Services.
Privacy

See Dropbox's Privacy Policy at http://www.getdropbox.com/privacy for information and notices concerning Dropbox's collection and use of your personal information.
Account Security

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Site, Content, Files and Services. You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You agree to take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under your password, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions. You will immediately notify Dropbox of any unauthorized use of your password. You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your transmission of data and/or files to Dropbox, it is your responsibility to use a secure encrypted connection to communicate with and/or utilize the Site, Files and Services.
Your Use of the Services

Dropbox grants you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Site, Content, Files and Services subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms of Service.
Dropbox Property and Feedback

All right, title, and interest in and to the Site, Content, and Services are and will remain the exclusive property of Dropbox and its licensors, including all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) therein, even if Dropbox incorporates any of your Feedback (as defined below) into subsequent versions. The Site, Content, and Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Service, you may not reproduce, modify or prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Site, Content, or Services. You may not copy or modify the HTML or other code used to generate web pages on the Site.

All feedback, comments, and suggestions for improvements (the “Feedback”) that you provide to Dropbox, in any form, and any contributions you make to the Site by posting content and communicating with other Dropbox users via posts to forums on the site (“User Posts”) will be the sole and exclusive property of Dropbox. You hereby irrevocably transfer and assign to Dropbox and agree to irrevocably assign and transfer to Dropbox all of your right, title, and interest in and to all of your Feedback and User Posts, including all worldwide patent rights (including patent applications and disclosures), copyright rights, trade secret rights, and other intellectual property rights (collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”) therein. At Dropbox's request and expense, you will execute documents and take such further acts as Dropbox may reasonably request to assist Dropbox in acquiring, perfecting and maintaining its Intellectual Property Rights and other legal protections for your Feedback and User Posts. You will not earn or acquire any rights or licenses in the Site, Content, and Services or in any Dropbox Intellectual Property Rights on account of these Terms of Service or your performance under these Terms of Service.
General Prohibitions

You agree not to do any of the following while using the Site, Content, Files or Services:

    * Post, publish or transmit any text, graphics, or material that: (i) is false or misleading; (ii) is defamatory; (iii) invades another's privacy; (iv) is obscene, pornographic, or offensive; (v) promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any individual or group; (vi) infringes another's rights, including any intellectual property rights; or (vii) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability;
    * Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Site (including but not limited to user folders not designated as 'public' or that you have not been given permission to access), Dropbox's computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Dropbox's providers;
    * Attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach any security or authentication measures;
    * Attempt to access or search the Site, Content, Files or Services with any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism other than the software and/or search agents provided by Dropbox or other generally available third-party web browsers (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox), including but not limited to browser automation tools;
    * Send unsolicited email, junk mail, “spam,” or chain letters, or promotions or advertisements for products or services;
    * Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Site, Content, Files or Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information;
    * Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Site, Content, Files or Services;
    * Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Site; or plant malware on Dropbox's computer system, those systems of Dropbox's providers, or otherwise use the Site, Content, Files or Services to attempt to distribute malware; or
    * Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity.

 

Dropbox will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above, including intellectual property rights infringement and Site security issues, to the fullest extent of the law. Dropbox may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate these Terms of Service. You acknowledge that Dropbox has no obligation to monitor any user's access to or use of the Site, Content, Files and Services, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Site and the Services, to ensure users' compliance with these Terms of Service, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Compliance

You will only upload, post, submit or otherwise transmit data and/or files: (i) that you have the lawful right to use, copy, distribute, transmit, or display; or (ii) that does not infringe the intellectual property rights or violate the privacy rights of any third party (including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property right, or moral right or right of publicity). Dropbox has adopted and implemented a policy that permits the deletion of files that violate this policy, and that permits the termination in appropriate circumstances of the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be or are charged with repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders. Please see the Dropbox Copyright Policy for further information at http://www.getdropbox.com/dmca.
Links

The Site may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Dropbox is not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by Dropbox of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
Termination

If you violate any of these Terms of Service, your permission to use the Site, Content, Files and Services will automatically terminate. Dropbox reserves the right to revoke your access to and use of the Site, Content, Files and Services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. Dropbox also reserves the right to cease providing or to change the Site, Content, Files or Services at any time and without notice.

Dropbox reserves the right to terminate Free Accounts at any time, with or without notice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and without further notice, Dropbox may choose to delete and/or reduce: (i) any or all of Your Files if your Free Account is inactive for 90 days; and (ii) previous versions and/or prior backups of Your Files.

Use of the Site at Your Own Risk

Your access to and use of the Site, Content, Files and Services and is at your own risk. Dropbox will have no responsibility for any harm to your computer system, loss or corruption of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Site, Content, Files or Services.
Dropbox is Available “AS-IS”

THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, DROPBOX EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT USE OF THE SITE, CONTENT, FILE AND SERVICES MAY RESULT IN UNEXPECTED RESULTS, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS, PROJECT DELAYS, OTHER UNPREDICTABLE DAMAGE OR LOSS, OR EXPOSURE OF YOUR DATA OR YOUR FILES TO UNINTENDED THIRD PARTIES.

DROPBOX MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES OR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS. DROPBOX MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR INFORMATION PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, CONTENT, OR SERVICES, OR THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES OR SERVICES.

NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM DROPBOX OR THROUGH THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES OR SERVICES, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.
Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Dropbox, its officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with: (i) your access to or use of the Site, Content, Files and Services; (ii) your violation of this Agreement; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any intellectual property right, including but not limited to right of attribution, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that Your Files, or your use of Files, caused damage to a third party, including without limitation claims that Your Files, or use of Files, infringe the rights of another.
Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT WILL DROPBOX BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS OR PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES AND/OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY ERROR OR DEFECT IN THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES OR SERVICES, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT DROPBOX HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT DROPBOX IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. FURTHER, DROPBOX WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT UPLOADED ONTO OR DOWNLOADED FROM THE SITE OR THROUGH THE SERVICES AND/OR THE FILES, OR IF YOUR DATA IS LOST, CORRUPTED OR EXPOSED TO UNINTENDED THIRD PARTIES.

FREE ACCOUNT HOLDERS: YOU AGREE THAT THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF DROPBOX TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES AND/OR SERVICES IS LIMITED TO TWENTY ($20) U.S. DOLLARS. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN DROPBOX AND YOU.

PREMIUM ACCOUNT HOLDERS: YOU AGREE THAT THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF DROPBOX TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES AND/OR SERVICES IS LIMITED TO LOWER OF THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO DROPBOX DURING THE THREE MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO SUCH CLAIM, FOR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, CONTENT, FILES OR SERVICES, OR ONE-HUNDRED ($100) DOLLARS. THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN DROPBOX AND YOU.
Severability

In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service will remain in full force and effect.
Waiver

The failure of Dropbox to enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
Controlling Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms of Service and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any action with respect to the subject matter of these Terms of Service will be the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California, and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Entire Agreement

These Terms of Service are the entire and exclusive agreement between Dropbox and you regarding the Site, Content, Services and Your Files, and these Terms of Service supersede and replace any prior agreements between Dropbox and you regarding the Site, Content, Services and Your Files.




Dropbox provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.getdropbox.com (this “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site. Our Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, and we will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site at http://www.getdropbox.com/privacy
1. Information Collection: The Personally Identifiable Information We Collect

In the course of using this Site, you may provide us with personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you, and information on your use of and activities at our Site that may be connected with you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information that we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses. Personal Information may also include information you supply to us concerning your preferences and interests expressed in the course of use of our Site.

When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. This information may include, but is not limited to, your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, the web page you were visiting before you came to our Site and information you search for on our Site. Like many websites, we may also use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We may use “persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site; and we use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Site. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of our services.
2. How We Use Personal Information

Personal Information is or may be used for the following purposes: (i) to provide and improve our Site, services, features and content, (ii) to administer your use of our Site, (iii) to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate the Site, (iv) to better understand your needs and interests, (v) to fulfill requests you may make, (vi) to personalize your experience, (vii) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements, and (viii) to provide you with further information and offers from us or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting, including newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information on services and products offered by us or third parties. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive any such communications, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of the communications sent to you, or update your “account settings” information. (See “Changing or Deleting Information,” below.)

We use information we obtain by technical means (such as the automatic recording performed by our servers or through the use of cookies) for the above purposes and in order to monitor and analyze use of the Site and our services, for the Site’s technical administration, to increase our Site’s functionality and user-friendliness, to better tailor it to your needs, to generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics and website use behavior of our users, and to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests.
3. Information Sharing and Disclosure

Dropbox Users. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Site according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Dropbox users to know about you. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information, and we encourage users to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages. You can review and revise your profile information at any time.

Service Providers, Business Partners and Others. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service, to provide the service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Dropbox cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Dropbox or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable.

Business Transfers. Dropbox may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
4. Changing or Deleting Your Information

You may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your “account settings.”
5. Security

Dropbox is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.
6. Our Policy Toward Children

This Site is not directed to children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@getdropbox.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.
7. Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@getdropbox.com.




Dropbox (“Dropbox”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office website at http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf, Dropbox will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Dropbox service and/or the Dropbox website (the “Site”) if such claims are reported to Dropbox’s Designated Copyright Agent identified in the sample notice below.

If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Site by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to Dropbox’s Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of Notice as described below, Dropbox will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged content from the Site.

DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”)

   1.

      Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or - if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice - you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
   2.

      Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and to which access is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site or the exact location where such material may be found.
   3.

      Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
   4. Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
          *

            “I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
          *

            “I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of, the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”
   5.

      Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.

Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Dropbox’s Designated Copyright Agent:

Copyright Agent
c/o Dropbox, Inc.
101 First Street #213
Los Altos, CA 94022
copyright@getdropbox.com



Account Pricing Terms and Conditions
Premium Accounts

Dropbox offers you the option of increasing your account storage space beyond 2 GB for a fee. By doing so, your account will be converted to a Premium Account and will not be subject to the restrictions placed on Free Accounts as described below.

Dropbox accepts credit cards and will automatically charge your credit card monthly or yearly, depending upon which Premium Account you select. If any fee is not paid in a timely manner, or Dropbox is unable to process your transaction using the credit card information provided, Dropbox reserves the right to revoke access to your Dropbox account and Files. If you do not bring your Dropbox balance current within five (5) days after Dropbox provides you with notification that your account is in arrears, Dropbox reserves the right to use our discretion to delete some or all of Your Files so as to reduce your storage space to below 2 GB, and to convert your Dropbox Premium Account to a Free Account (which is subject to the restrictions described below).
Billing

The fees for your Premium Account will be billed from the date you elect, or convert to, a Premium Account and on each monthly or yearly renewal thereafter unless and until you cancel your account. Click on the link on your "Account" page to see the commencement date for your next renewal period. Dropbox will automatically bill your credit card each month or year on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your Premium Account. In the event your Premium Account began on a day not contained in a given month or year, Dropbox will bill your credit card on the last day of such month or year. For example, if your Premium Account began on January 31st, February 28th is the next time your credit card would be billed. You acknowledge that the amount billed each month or year may vary for reasons that include, differing amounts due to promotional offers, differing amounts due to changes in your account, or changes in the amount of applicable sales tax, and you authorize us to charge your credit card for such varying amounts. Dropbox may also periodically authorize your credit card in anticipation of account or related charges. All fees and charges are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods.

Should you elect to upgrade your Premium Account to a larger amount of storage space, the commencement date for your next renewal period will be reset and you will be billed for the first month or year of the upgraded level of service on a pro-rata basis. For example, if you begin your monthly billed Premium Account on February 15th, your next payment would be due on March 15th. On March 22, you upgrade your Premium Account to a larger amount of storage space and pay the new amount associated with the upgraded Premium Account you have selected, less the amount equal to 7 days at your previous Premium Account rate. Your next payment would then be due on April 22.

Dropbox may change the fees and charges in effect, or add new fees and charges from time to time, but we will give you advance notice of these changes by email. If you want to use a different credit card or if there is a change in your credit card validity or expiration date, you may edit your information by accessing your "Account" page. If your credit card reaches its expiration date, your continued use of the Dropbox constitutes your authorization for us to continue billing that credit card and you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. It is your responsibility to keep your contact information and payment information current and updated.
Cancelling Your Account

Your Dropbox Premium Account will continue in effect unless and until you cancel your Premium Account or we terminate it. You must cancel your Premium Account before it renews each month or year in order to avoid billing of the next month's or year's fees to your credit card. Dropbox will bill the monthly or yearly fees associated with your Premium Account plus any applicable tax to the credit card you provide to us during registration (or to a different credit card if you change your account information).

Dropbox Premium Accounts are prepaid and are non-refundable. DROPBOX DOES NOT PROVIDE REFUNDS OR CREDITS FOR ANY PARTIAL MONTHS OR YEARS. You may cancel your Dropbox Premium Account at anytime, and cancellation will be effective immediately. If you wish to cancel your Premium Account you may so via your "Account" page. Should you elect to cancel your Premium Account, please note that you will not be issued a refund for the most recently (or any previously) charged monthly fees.

By signing up for a Dropbox Premium Account and providing Dropbox with your payment account information, you hereby agree to these payment terms and conditions.
Free Accounts

Dropbox allows you to store up to 2 GB free of charge. Dropbox reserves the right to terminate Free Accounts at any time, with or without notice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if a Free Account is inactive for ninety (90) days, then Dropbox may delete any or all of Your Files without providing additional notice.

For further information regarding your Dropbox Premium or Free Account, please see the Dropbox Terms of Service.
